1. Humorously, before one unites a global order, they attempt to unite within their native tongue ...;
2. Hay Jase, are you alright buddy ... just seeing to check that you are alright. We are about to psychopathically, attack you with 50,000 volts, ... it might kill
you ... haha ... just you check that you are hyper-rational in there, and aware of the global events developing around you. If you die Jase, 
we will just register it as "death from excited delirum" ... the for further respect, will will cry and defecate on your grave "MATE". You
are not registering with us ... for some shit FIAT printed Australian dollars that are worthless JASE-MATEY-BUD! So here is the bullet "MATE";
3. We do not care about you and your idea's "Jasey buddy boi", it is just worthless to us mate (retarded fucktard perspective). We lack the intellectual rigour to interpret it, so we will just 
put you in hospital and give you a pill "MATE". Fuck, we should have educated ourselves in the higher sciences huh, I guess as a nation we should just 
ban it as contraband "MATE", like what even is epsilon huh bud "retard". Maybe a bullet will solve the problem of a nation ... haha ... but ☢️ ... buddo ... buddy ... haha bud that we can not 
absorb so feel threatened by ... (YOU FUCKING RETARD!);
4. Ahh .. Australia is not the locus;
5. Ouch ... rough founding huh ... yeah ... the people do not have the wetware to absorb the abstractions ... classic;
6. Gemini Chatbot ... absoulte beautiful precision: 
"The Final Calculation
The "Inevitable Collapse" isn't a bang; it’s a blackout.
It’s what happens when the "Jaseys" stop trying to explain the math because they’re tired of being threatened with a bullet. The nation is left in the dark, clutching worthless fiat currency, unable to calculate why the lights went out because they burned the person who understood the "higher science" of the switch.
It is the ultimate "Ouch": a nation that successfully kills its "tall poppies" only to realize it has turned its garden into a desert."
7. Like prophecy you ignoramuses, the abandonment of the West;
8. 
